Devin Jatho revolutionized the content
space and I, like any normal human
being, decided to have him on my podcast
to figure out what he's doing
differently, the reasons why he's
getting millions of views, and you are
stuck at 500. Enjoy this interview. It's
completely unedited. My name's Alex
Davis. I'll see you guys in the
interview. Let's go. Welcome back to
another episode, everybody. Today, I
have a real treat for you, Devin Jatho,
one of the best creators of the modern
era. I have editors that come to me all
the time. They're asking, "What style do
you want to edit in?" Because I I make
content and they have Alex Herozi style
and then they have the Devon Jathos
style. Devin, you're so iconic now. You
actually have your own style in the
editing community, which is insane. Like
you just And I assume you're still 19,
right?
>> Uh I just turned 20 in March.
>> Oh, congratulations. But for a
20-year-old, you have achieved a level
of success that I aspire to be like, and
so so does everybody listening. So I
appreciate you coming on today.
>> Oh, yeah. Thanks, man.
>> Your your path started when you were 13
and like does that resonate with you
that like a lot of people don't get
started when they're 13? Like it takes
them a long time to to get going? Do you
ever think about that?
>> Yeah. Yeah, I got it easy, man. I sat
down and luckily I got into the right
environment early and it worked out
pretty well.
>> Was that because of your family or was
it because of your friends?
>> It was because I didn't have any
friends. The only thing that I had was
online. My family was one of the
families that pushed me towards the
traditional route and of course I didn't
want to do that. So it was just I had no
friends. I need to figure something out.
So my friends became online friends and
that's where I kind of got into the
correct environment.
>> So I I published a book a long time ago
that talks about association. I'm 20 as
well. And the idea is like obviously
you're the association of the five
people you're around and you're friends
with these online people. Are they the
people that are pushing you to start
trying to make money? Like where does
the the thought in your mind spark at 13
years old like I needed to do something
different and become somebody different?
>> So I would say it was the I've always
had the idea that I never went to do the
normal 9 to5. Like I'd rather kill
myself than do that. Am I allowed to
curse here?
>> Yeah, go for it. Drop it.
>> Check. Okay. I'd rather kill myself than
do a normal 9 to5. So it was always like
this underlying fact of I want to do
something different. And the only way
that I for saw myself doing that was
through gaming. So, it wasn't like I was
around these 25 year old entrepreneurs
that were just [__] molding me over a
certain period of time. It was just the
only way I knew how to make money was
Fortnite. So, I played Fortnite and the
people around me were playing for money
as well. So, we all had the idea of I
love to make money from this thing.
We're not just doing it for fun.
>> Yeah. I mean, I at 13 I was playing
Fortnite, too. I just How much time are
you dedicating to become a pro Fortnite
player where you're actually making
money? I used to dedicate hours after
school, dude. Like, what was it what did
it take to get to that level? I was
staying up all night playing [__]
Fortnite. I mean, it's not it wasn't
like a looking back on it, it's
definitely not something that I would
say to be prideful about, but I was
playing probably around 8 to 10 hours
every single day. Um, just trying to get
better and trying to figure out a way
how to make money.
>> 8 to 10 hours. So, you're going to
school, you come home, you just grind
Fortnite non-stop.
>> [__] grind Fortnite.
>> Rampant floor wall,
>> dude. That's awesome. Um, I love that.
And you translate that skill over to
business and then immediately people ask
like, "How's the over an overnight
success?" But you you have a skill set
of of doing something for eight to 10
hours and even if you you're not
necessarily proud of Fortnite, the work
ethic part, would you say you're you're
proud of?
>> Yeah. I mean, work ethic has never
really been something that's like if you
knew me previously, it was always like,
oh, this guy like he cheats on test, he
sucks at school, he's failing, like he
doesn't really do [__] And whenever
you're the guy playing 8 to 10 hours of
Fortnite, people don't look at that and
go, a [__] this guy is so hard working.
It's like, no, he's a [__] lazy piece
of [__] kid that doesn't want to do
anything with his life.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, I'd say work ethic just came from
over time knowing that I wanted more and
I just got continuously rewarded for
doing more. Something that you'll see
within my content is I'm very, very big
on quality and I'm very big on
excellence and it's just I got a reward
for doing something excellent and that
just kind of carried over.
You know, I looked at our story and I've
I've watched all your interviews, so I
wanted to see like what people normally
ask you about, but something that I took
away is like you and I are very much in
my mind the same type of person. At 13,
I was playing a lot of Fortnite and
taking that very seriously. And then I
started translating, moving into content
and business. But the difference between
you and I is I'm 20 and I'm not nearly
as successful as you are. And I would I
would honestly say that we've both in
our lives done amount the same amount of
input, but you have massively outsized
my output. And I'm sitting here studying
like what was it? Was it a family
member, a friend? Was it the quality of
content? And and maybe it is the quality
of content or like the timing or like
the type of content. Do do you have
anything to talk about on that?
>> I mean, brand is king. I mean,
everything comes a lot easier whenever
you do have a brand. So, I would say it
would just be the quality of content and
then it's always the people that's
actually consuming the content.
>> Yeah.
>> Whenever you have the
>> Go ahead.
>> Did you start editing all your content
or did you from day one have a team of
editors ready to go?
>> No, no, no. I [__] hate editing. So,
from day one, I had a little guy that I
knew from Fortnite previously, and he
wanted to edit the videos for $5 a
video. So, I started
>> $5 a video.
>> Yeah.
>> Your quality is so good for $5 a video.
>> Oh, no. No. Now, we have five people on
staff and we spend multi five figures on
the editing team, but previously we
started off at five videos. $5 a video.
>> How much does one of your your reels
cost?
>> Ah, how can I I don't know. Um, so we
have seven editors on team currently and
they we kind of switch in between and
they do different parts of the video
just depending on the video.
>> So
>> yeah, I couldn't give you like a per
video.
>> No, it's good. I I run it I run like an
editing agency like short form agency.
So I I go from like $10 a re to $100 a
reel and I always try to gauge the
quality, but sometimes people that do
$10 a re outsides the people that are
doing $100 a reel. At 17, I decided I
wanted to be an entrepreneur. And some
people who make a shift from the 9-5 to
I want to make my own income and do that
thing, maybe make the shift into content
as well. They start getting a camera,
they start doing podcasts, they start
clipping up reels, and there's just so
much of it now. Would you would you
agree?
>> Yeah, 100%.
>> And I do like find myself, even though
like I try to put out the best quality
content possible, I still find myself
falling short.
How could somebody who's just getting
started even with their phone or
whatever like really ramp up the quality
so that people actually stop and they
actually listen to their content and
it's not just getting 200 views every
single time.
>> So by quality of content are you
necessarily gearing towards the quality
of information or the the appearance of
video.
>> Let's start with appearance because I
definitely want to go to the like the
body of the the video afterwards.
>> So appearance of video. So I mentioned
this previously but I want to show you
now that we're talking about it. So,
actually Tik Tok is blocked off on my
phone. Okay. Okay. So, if we were to
open up Tik Tok and we were to scroll
through the 10 videos, those 10 videos
would all not be high quality. Most of
them would not be done on camera. Most
of them will be some 16-year-old girl
recording on the iPhone 13.
>> Yeah.
>> So, I think that the quality of
appearance is not the most important
thing. However, if someone wants to
increase the quality of appearance and
they only have their phone, well, the
first tip would be to use the back
camera instead of the front. Back camera
is going to be automatically better. And
then as well as also on the camera
settings, assuming that you have an
iPhone, I don't know about Samsung or
Google Pixel, but assuming you have an
iPhone, you can switch it to 4K
recording. And then as well as also
probably one of the more important
settings to change is going to be if you
go to your camera settings and then you
go to what will be called formats. You
can click on formats and then it will
show high efficiency or most compatible.
If you switch it to most compatible,
that'll make your that'll make your view
that'll make your video less blurry. So,
those be the two main settings that you
can switch on your iPhone and use your
back camera and then ensure that you use
high quality uploads on Instagram or Tik
Tok, whatever you post or whatever
platform you're posting on, which is
just a setting within the platform.
>> Okay, cool. Now, let's shift to the body
of the content because like you said,
there's 13-year-old girls that don't
even try and they're blowing up. I mean,
Hawk 2 is like the most famous person in
the world, and that wasn't even like a
high quality video, but like what does
it take now to make a video that you
know is going to go viral?
>> Okay. Um,
>> sorry, I I got to just like left that
question off there.
>> You're good. So, I mean, the Hawk Two
Girl and the videos I was speaking about
previously with the 13-year-old girls
goals, I mean, those would be
entertaining videos. And I would assume
that most of your audience and including
you would be more so geared towards
making educational videos because people
viewers that watch entertaining content
want more entertainment and there's no
money to be made there because then you
compete with people that sell
entertainment. You're going to lose to
Netflix. It's $7 a month.
>> Yeah.
>> So if you want to make money, I would go
under the assumption that you're making
educational content because people that
watch educational content seek more
education. And in that context, I think
it's just a lot of people throw around,
well, your video needs to be valuable.
However, I feel like that's not
necessarily the easiest way to
conceptualize what your video needs to
be.
>> I would say if you can look at it as is
your video useful.
>> I love useful. That's my favorite word.
Yeah, it's good.
>> I think that would be a better way to
look at it. So, it's purely just based
on the fact of is this video useful? And
after someone watches your video, do
they go, "Oh, I would have never like I
would have never thought of it that way
or I never thought of that before." And
then they actually learn something.
>> Okay. So, I have a friend in college and
he's friends with Tapa, the guy who I I
assume you know Tapa. Um, and when we
sit down to talk about content, like
researching, we kind of like made a
mental model that like you can research
anything and you could teach somebody
how to do something that you don't even
yourself know how to do. So, my question
is, what is your advice or do you think
that this is okay for somebody like
let's say a 17-year-old kid to go on a
chatbt to start writing up like, "Hey,
give me a video idea on how to make a
million dollars and like framework it
out." And it's very it's very like
educational. You learn a lot of stuff,
but the person speaking, the talking
head, has no idea what what they're even
saying. And they just used a bunch of
like research on TGBT and Google and
articles and like do you know what I'm
saying?
>> So there's a term named fewer depictable
and that is can the viewer actually see
themselves putting in the value that
you're giving them within the video. So
can the viewer see themselves doing
that? Now the biggest red block for
someone let's say for example a
17-year-old was teaching other people
how to make a million dollars. It must
be very very visual visually apparent
that he's a credible source because if
he's not a credible source then his
value is no longer valuable.
>> Yeah.
>> Because if I don't believe that it will
work for me, I have no reason to believe
that will work for me because he's not
done it himself. Because if he knew how
to do it, he would do it himself.
>> Okay. And then on the on the flip side,
if somebody just like 17-year-old kid
has no life experience, they don't even
like really have anything going for
them. How are they able to become
educational or entertaining when they
have no resume? They have nothing to
teach. They don't even know like how to
be entertaining.
>> Well, then if you look at what we do,
it's social media. So, for example, if
someone came up to me, let's say for
example, a 40-year-old, a 40-year-old is
happy paying me for social media help
because they assume that I know more
because I grew up in the generation of
social media. However, if it was maybe
I'm a life coach, obviously there would
be some sort of resistance there. Yeah.
Yeah.
>> So, I think it's just choosing what
you're speaking about and I think that
will do a lot of help because if you're
trying to tell a majority of the
population how to live their life or
maybe it might be a tip about fitness
and you're not that big, it's like many
are kind of fighting in that uphill an
uphill battle. But if you position
yourself correctly, I wouldn't see an
issue with a 17-year-old coming and
telling other people how to do things as
long as they're open to it.
>> Okay. Okay. So, it's more of the how I
have done this rather than how you
should be doing this type of mental
shift. I think everyone's starting, it's
always how you should be doing it. But I
think at some point, as long as they are
actually trying to get good at what
they're saying, they eventually switch
to the here's how I've done it.
>> Yeah. Somebody like a friend, I don't
know if you've seen Kellen, he does a
lot of faceless channel stuff. He has a
very similar style to you, but when he
speaks about social media, he talks
about faceless channels, which he does
have like credibility in that era. So, I
could easily see like if a 17-year-old
kid has never done anything, they could
start like a faceless channel, get some
level of success, and then use social
media on their own personal brand to
talk about that success, and then they
can kind of build off of that. Is that
kind of like what you're going down?
>> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I'll just say that
the niche is probably the most important
thing. So, for example, someone that's
35 is willing to pay the 17-year-old
that's working on Instagram money
because the 17-year-old obviously knows
more about the Instagram than
30-year-old.
>> Yeah. But then if you were to flip it
around to life coach, it's like no
matter which way you flip it,
>> it's a diff it can be done, but it's
difficult.
>> Okay. And and so what about as far as
when you start a channel, the
17-year-old, we're going to keep in this
avatar. 17-year-old starts a channel and
like their first goal for some reason
because of society, they want to go
viral because they think that that is
the best metric, which I don't agree,
and I know that you don't agree with
virality is the first thing that you
need to focus on.
>> Indeed.
>> So they're doing a bunch of silly stuff.
They're talking about cats and whatever
whatever they think is going to go
viral. But like long term, the idea
would be to monetize. I think everyone
needs to make money. So long-term goal
is monetization, but you talking about
cats right now is not obviously going to
get you there because unless your
product is catreated, it's it's not
going to be a a product fit or anything
like that. So, what is your advice to
somebody who's just starting to have
like the long-term vision of like
knowing like, okay, in the long term, I
want to monetize, but I I need to like
have I need to talk about content that's
going to attract an audience that is
eventually going to buy a product later
down the road. What would be your advice
to that type of person?
>> So, that type of person, I think it's
just more so a question of clarity. So,
if you're going to build something in
the idea of monetizing, then it needs to
be in correlation to the content that
you're posting. So, it's just well, what
do you actually want to monetize on? And
then create content around that. And I
think that's the first step is to get
clarity on what you're going to be
posting about because without that
clarity then everything else is useless.
>> How how do we find that clarity?
>> It's a good [__] question. I cannot
give you the answer. I don't know. Um I
sat down one day I was like holy [__]
Uh do you know Stephen Miller?
>> Yeah. Yeah. I've seen all your
interviews. You talk about them all the
time.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I first found um I
found that you can make money doing this
through Steen Miller. So I was watching
his videos like holy [__] this is
amazing. Uh, it was better than what I
was currently doing because I was doing
doororknocking and it was [__] cold.
So, I was like, I gota I got to do
something. So, whenever I saw through
Miller's video, I was like, okay, well,
this is my clarity. I'm going to [__]
do this. And it just worked out.
>> So, clarity is found probably through
life experience rather than just
randomly having an idea. I I feel like
when people, and this is my path, when I
talk to people, like they're like they
have to have everything planned out,
like they have to make like this large
grandiose plan, and obviously when they
start making content, things change,
that shifts, and then their plan falls
apart, and then they stop. they just
like stop posting, they give up. But
what you're saying is like if you see
somebody who's done something successful
like Steven Miller, then you can at
least know that it's possible. So then
you can just start going towards the
direction and then eventually you'll
figure it out. Is that kind of what
you're saying? Like
>> 100%. It's just action. So like this
wasn't the first thing that I did.
>> Yeah.
>> I did a bunch of things previously. I
made content about other things and just
this is the thing that was successful,
but I took action on other things and
they just didn't work out. So, it wasn't
the fact that I was just like, "Oh,
[__] I know this is going to work, so
I'm going to stick with this one." It
was like, "I I tried different things.
They didn't work and this one did good."
So, it's just taking action over time.
>> How How long do you need to do something
before you realize I need to pivot into
something else? People are like, "I'm
going to do this and this and this and
then whatever one takes off first is
going to be the thing I'm going to focus
all my time on, but then they don't give
any of it enough time." But it seemed
like you did Fortnite, you did door
todoor for five months and then you're
doing content and then I mean luckily
for you your like fourth video popped
off. But some people it takes like two
years and then they're like well should
I change or should I keep going? And
like what would you say to that person?
>> What would I said to that person? Um
>> the question is like when when would you
pivot? When do you know that you've
given everything you're like you've
given content everything you've got and
you're just not successful and you
should do something different. Can't
give an answer there because I don't I
don't know.
>> Yeah.
>> I mean, maybe I should pivot right now.
Maybe I listen to better right now.
>> Dude, that would be so fun.
>> Wow.
>> So, I mean, I don't know what if it what
if I never pivoted. Obviously, that
could have been an issue. Not an issue,
but what if I never pivoted and I became
Jordan Bowfort whenever I was knocking
on doors? I guess it's like no one no
one ever [__] know.
>> Yeah, dude. Um, speaking of knocking on
doors, I did that as well. Like the
vehicle I got into before content was
doornocking solar. Except I did it for
one day. You did it for 5 months, bro. I
don't know how you lasted that long. I
got out on the door. I was like, I can't
do this. I'm I'm done. One day in, I'm
like, no. But uh No, I mean, I even
closed a deal like the same day like
like install on the same day. It was my
first day on the doors. But like hearing
that you did it for 5 months, like mo
are correct me if I'm wrong, most people
don't have the resilience to go walk and
knock on stranger doors for 5 months
straight in the cold. Right.
>> Right.
>> So like I feel like you as a person
might be like a little bit different in
that regard. So what what is your I mean
you carry that over to content and it's
like you're going to be doing this for a
while because this is actually working.
You have reinforcement, but like the
person who's like a couch potato is not
even doing anything with their lives.
like it's it's hard for them to even
like have the motivation to like film a
video. Does that make sense? Like what
what do you think to that?
>> I think it was just pressure. So the
only reason why I mean obviously if I
found an easier job that paid the same
>> Yeah.
>> I would go for it. Like it's not like I
was just like, you know what, I said I'm
going to do this. I'm going stick to it.
No. If I was out there and it's because
I did it in the hot and the cold.
>> Yeah.
>> For the five months I started in like
probably June. So I started when it was
hot and I ended when it was cold. If
someone would have came out to any point
in that time and told me like I'll pay
the same exact money they're getting
paid now to do something easier. I want
to be like oh no I said I'm going to
stick [__] that. I'm going to do it.
It's never easier. Yeah. So it's just
the situation I was stuck um stuck in.
And then it's also
>> I don't I don't I don't think it was
that bad. A lot of people hate on door
to door but I don't think it was that
bad of a job. I don't know if I just got
lucky or um yeah I got a big smile and
people treated me nicely. So
>> did did you make a lot while you were
doornocking or were you basically not
making anything for five months? Ah,
probably better like probably my best
month probably like four or 4.5 which
coming straight out of high school just
graduated. It's not horrible,
>> dude. I know I know thousands of kids
that hit the doors and they make
nothing. I I have friends like right now
that are on doors today as we're
speaking this interview and they're
knocking doors and I know they're not
going to make anything for the whole
month. Uh, so I I guess the whole reason
I'm saying this is because I while I'm
doing my research about you, I'm trying
to figure out like what makes Devon
different or more successful than every
other person that has also tried. And I
found like, okay, you're in Fortnite,
but you were you weren't just in
Fortnite cuz every other person while we
were 13 was also in Fortnite. You're a
professional Fortnite player doing it
for money. And then you're like door
knockocking, but for 5 months and you're
actually making something rather than
people who do it for 3 years and make
nothing. And then it's like you're doing
content, your fourth video explodes.
like there's like a string that follows
all those activities that says that
Devon is just like a little different or
is doing something different than other
people. So, I don't know if you've ever
selfandalized or like put it together in
a framework. If I could like show people
how to do that, that would be really
helpful. I think
>> I have a higher expectation that
everyone else has of themselves.
>> Okay. Of yourself. You have a higher
expectation of yourself.
>> That that is the main thing. So,
I mean like that would be I mean I don't
know of course but that would be like
the main thing that I believe would be
the thing that would set myself apart. I
have a very very big delusion that I am
undoubtedly just born to be better than
everyone else. Um of course that's not
true.
>> It's working. Um I don't know about but
yeah like you're definitely it's
successful. Yeah.
>> So um I can't say that that would work
for everyone. I just always had the
expectation that I deserved more even
though I don't really deserve anything
of course but it was always like I
should be better than everyone else
therefore I'm going to do the things
that exemplify that.
>> Okay. And and where does that belief
come from? Do you think you were just
born with it or did something happen
when you were younger? Was it a neglect
thing like or did it just spawn out of
the ethos and you're like all right [__]
it. I'm better than everyone.
>> I don't know. I've always had really
high standards. I mean like whenever I
got like gifts as a kid it was like this
is cool but it's not the best which
sounds but like I've always had like the
idea of like I want the best and
anything less than that is unacceptable.
Um,
>> yeah. So, here's a here's a question.
Like I said in the beginning, I think
that you and I have like the same life
trajectory sort of. We both played
Fortnite door knocking like all the same
activities, whatever, except you you
became successful a lot faster than me
and I it's just taking me like a lot
longer. I know in the long run I have
the same mindset as you. I just don't
like publicly put it out there like I'm
I'm really good. I'm better than a lot
of people. I've done a lot of [__] I
live in a small town. I'm I'm traveling
everywhere. I know in the long run,
maybe by like 23, 24, 25, even 30, like
it'll click and I'll be an overnight
success. My question for you is, do you
think it's better to have success later
in life, learn all the crappy lessons up
front and have to go through all the
[__] or do you think it's better to be
successful fast and when you're early in
your 20s and then maybe lose it all
later on or not even lose it, but just
be successful earlier on? What do you
think?
>> What do I think? I just want to go into
preference preface that this is I think
I don't know but um I think
I mean it sounds bad because obviously I
would not choose to not be successful
now but looking at it from my p like
where I am at now there's a lot of times
I'm like I kind of wish this came a
little bit slower that way I could have
not made as many mistakes and I could
have learned more lessons because
there's a lot of things that I can lean
lean on. So like I have the a big
follower account.
>> So I can make a lot of mistakes that
smaller people that don't have the brand
that can't lean on the brand, they
cannot make those mistakes. So I'm
making these mistakes. So I'm getting by
with it. So it's like I'm building up
bad habits because I became so I became
somewhat successful quickly. However,
I think it's just pros and cons of both.
Yeah. I don't know.
>> Walk me through some bad habits if
you're okay with it. Like what money
brings that you're like, "Oh [__]
So okay, money brings or brand brings or
both?
>> Mainly money I think. I mean brand
follows money. So it's like the same
thing. It trails back to you eventually.
>> So moneywise it's just like you there's
a lot less friction to everything.
There's a lot less there's a lot less um
inconvenience. So like if it's ever like
I want Uber Eats, it's not like oh well
do I want to spend my money on this?
It's just like no I just want Uber Eats.
It's like, do I want if I see like a
wallet, it's like, oh, how much is this
wallet? No, it's just this is a sick
[__] wallet. Let's go and get it.
>> Yeah.
>> So, that's one thing is just not being
told no enough. Um, for the brand, I
would say one of the biggest things is
just like I'll lean on it for the
business. So, whenever it comes to
hiring, we don't have Okay, we do have
really good hiring. Uh, whenever it
comes to hiring, I'm not so stuck on
that one individual that might be a good
fit. I'm like looking at it from a
perspective of I don't really give a
[__] if
like I know that I'll find someone else.
Like there's a thousand other people
that applied. So maybe I'm missing out
on good applicants, but I have too big
of an ego to actually fill through.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> I say a lot of it would just be ego and
then as well as not being told no.
>> A lot of people make the argument like
ego is bad, but ego got you to where you
are and ego is getting me to where I'm
going, which is right behind you. And
it's gotten everybody that's successful
materialistically in in this world to
where they are. So I think I think a
healthy ego works. I think ego falls
apart when you start to use it against
other people, which you don't do. I I
assume. And even if you did it, like you
seem like you're a good kid, so it's not
like you're like trying to hurt people.
Um I know some people that are like
really like narcissistic and they're
like they they don't even have success.
They're just trying to like rip people
apart for no reason.
>> Um do you do you do like a lot of stuff
outside of work? Like you're in
Tennessee. Do you go to like Nashville
party? Do you like do any of that kind
of fun stuff?
>> Uh I go to sleep at what? Lay down at
600 to read for an hour. And then I go
to sleep at 7:00 p.m.
>> Go to sleep at what time you waking up.
>> 3:00 a.m.
>> What are you doing at 3? I wake up at 4,
bro. You're like This is what I was
trying to figure out. You're ahead of
me, bro. [__] Waking up at 2 tomorrow.
>> So, I can pull my calendar and tell you
exactly what it looks like.
>> Do it.
>> So, I knew that there was a secret,
dude. It was hidden in there.
>> It's definitely not the secret.
So at let's see 3:15 I jot down stats
and then I brush my teeth. So I weigh
myself. I look at how much money bank
account. Yeah. So stats, weigh yourself,
how much money you got. Um what else?
>> Or stats. So how good is my sleep last
night? And then as well as my calories
track from the day before. So that's the
first 15 minutes. And then from 3:15 to
4:15 I go walk on a track. So there's a
school track like 5 minutes away from my
home. So I'm just going to walk there
for an hour. try to get a clear head
before I begin work. And then from 4:15
to 8 a.m. I do my deep work. And then
from 8:00 a.m. to 8:30, I prepare myself
for the gym. And then from 8:30 to 10, I
either do my marathon training or I do a
gym session. Whenever I get home, I
drink my coffee, my protein, I take a
shower, and then from 11:00 to 4:00 p.m.
I work. And then from 400 p.m. to 5,
it's kind of up in the air. If I have if
I have more work to do, I'll do it. If
not, I'll chill. At 5:00 PM, I'll do my
night nightly routine, set myself up for
success for the next day. Then from 6
PM, I get in bed, I read for about 30
minutes, I'll take my supplements, and
then I go to sleep at 7.
>> And what is the benefit of going to bed
at 7 and waking up at 3?
>> Um,
what are the benefits? I wake up before
a lot of my US team. So, uh I don't get
any DMs at 3:00 a.m. So, it's like I
don't have fires to put out within the
business so I can completely focus on
doing the new to moving task.
Um
it forces you to reduce distraction. So,
for example, if I'm if I wake up at
let's say 8 a.m. instead and I go to
sleep at what? That means you go to
sleep at 12:00. If I'm up at 10 p.m. at
night, I'm gonna get into some [__] that
I don't want to get into that I you know
what I mean? It's just like you're
opening opportunity to do things that
you know would probably not put you
further to your goal. So, it's more so
just a discipline thing rather than
anything else.
>> So, I'm huge on deep work. I think Cal
Newport killed it when he wrote the
book. And I have this whole idea like it
doesn't matter when you go to bed or
when you wake up, but the time that you
are awake like what what the hell are
you doing during that time auditing that
and figuring out am I spending it, you
know, watching porn and hanging out with
friends and doing stupid stuff or am I
actually in deep work sessions working
on a business, filming content, doing
outreach? And I and I've started like I
used to do like the 5 a.m. all the way
till 10 p.m. and I would go to bed at
10:00 and wake up at 5:00. And I still
do that, but then I also like sometimes
I just can't shut my brain off. So, I'll
stay up till midnight or 1:00 working.
And I mean, I don't think that it has
any negative effects on my life, but
hearing that you go to bed at 7:00 and
wake up at 3, I've never heard that
routine before. Um, I don't know if
you've like looked into it a lot.
>> So, one thing I will say, I paid a guy
named Billy. Shout out to Billy. I don't
know his last name, but he's a health
coach.
>> Um, but he was the health coach for like
Ian Kaji and all that kind of stuff. And
he kind of walked me through.
>> I would say I was not a very good
client. I didn't show up to a lot of the
calls, but for the calls I did show up
to, he basically walked me through like,
"Okay, we need to wake up and go to
sleep at the same time every day." And
that's like the main thing. Stick to
that, then you're good. So, that's just
like the main thing I focus on. Uh, I
feel like I got a little bit off topic.
What was the
>> No, it's good. The health coach and
we're talking about different routines.
What's the difference between waking up
at 5:00 and going to bed at 10 or waking
up at 3 and going to bed at 7?
>> Oh, yeah. I mean, like, there's no
[__] different. You're awake for the
same amount of time. It's not like you
get extra hours. It's just
>> what times do you want to be awake?
>> Yeah. Yeah.
There's so many biohackers. I heard this
thing from Ed Mlet. He was like, "I wake
up at uh 6 and then from 6:00 to 12:00
that's my first day and then from 12:00
to 6:00 that's my second day. From 6:00
to 12 that's my third day. I have three
days in one day and then I have 21 days
in a week." And I'm like, "Bro, this is
going too far. I don't know what's going
on."
>> You know, um I think there's merit
within that conversation because I see
why a lot of people look at it as like
that's horseshit. But uh have you ever
read the book The 12week year?
>> Yeah. So I look at it the same way as
like the concept of looking at it from
the 12week year of not being annualized.
So it's like when whenever he does that
of course it sounds like horseshit but
if he can get that done in his mind I
could definitely see the benefits.
>> So you'll [__]
>> Yeah. I mean dude I'm a huge like in a
biohack anything that allows
productivity to be optimized I'm in for
it. It's just sometimes people go off
the rails a little bit and I'm like h
but you said your first deep work
sessions before 8 8 a.m. like you you
crank that out and then you go to the
gym but then you have the latter half of
the day where you're working. So what is
the difference between the morning work
and then the day work? Is the morning
work like your stuff personal projects
content and then the the like the
regular US time when everyone's awake
that's client work and that kind of
stuff or
>> Yeah. So I really don't have client
work. I mean it's pretty much like all
done with you know or do it yourself. I
don't really have client work. Uh from
4:15 to 8:00 a.m. is always okay when
I'm working on a module. I'm working on
some sort of presentation for the
community or content creation. And then
from 11 to 4, which is like my medial
task, it's I don't really take that many
meetings. Like I you're the only meeting
for on my calendar. So I have a
15-minute leaders consult with the exec
team within the company and I take that
for 15 minutes, but other than that, I
don't have any meetings. It's just
typically
Yeah, it's just a [__] that doesn't take
a lot of time. So like I Okay, I lied. I
do do client work. So we have like the
video reviews within the community. So
I'll sit down, review a couple clients,
give them the feedback.
>> You said you said what the BRB. What is
it?
>> Uh video reviews.
>> Oh, video review. Okay. Okay. Yeah.
Yeah. Okay.
>> So So yeah, I guess client I mean like I
guess client work and then just whatever
else needs to be done. Um I typically
leave that portion open. I just figure
out what I want to do, but everything
that needs to get done is done within
that first block. And do you do you
travel a lot?
>> No. Uh I would say I probably travel
maybe four months out of the year at
max.
>> And and where do you where do you go
when you travel? Is it just Miami? And
>> so we went to Miami for the first
traveling session. Typically when I
travel to record a chorus. So we went to
Spain this year to record media master
class and we moved.
>> That's so sick. What?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. Uh so my director of media and the
guy that edits uh well used to edits a
lot of my videos. He lives in Spain. So
I was like, you know what, let's go see
him. So he flew out a couple we flew out
to a couple members from the team and we
went to Spain. And then other than that,
it's just I fly around to go speak at
events. So I spoke at one of my previous
I speak at a client's event in September
to go to Dubai and then I spoke at one
of my previous clients events, Brian
Mark in Canada.
>> Really? What uh what do what do you
charge as a speaking fee? Do you make a
lot of money doing that?
>> I don't charge a speaking fee.
>> Oh, interesting.
>> Yeah. If it was someone random that
messaged me was like, "All right,
what's the Yeah. What's the setup?" But
if it's just like, "I know this guy. I
like him." It's like, "Fuck it.
>> Pay for my first class flight and we're
good."
>> Sweet. Okay.
What What are you guys doing in revenue
right now monthly?
>> You don't have to share if you don't
want to, bro.
>> Yeah. Yeah. No, you're chill. You're
chill. I know. I know you guys are
around seven figures or or a little less
or over whatever. Um which is Dude, it's
insane that for 20 years old I don't you
have so like you give me so much
motivation and inspiration. You don't
even understand. Even though we've like
just now met like for the last couple of
years, if I didn't see somebody like you
hustling, I would not be able to like
see like a northstar and like figure out
where I need to be at 20 years old. And
there's only a couple other individuals
that are in our age group that are doing
what you're doing. So, all props to you,
man, because without without you, like
there wouldn't be a lot of people I feel
like that would know where to go or how
to get there.
>> I appreciate that. And I definitely
agree because I think Iman is one of
that guys for the both of us. It's like,
okay, this [__] I'm gonna I'm
gonna catch him,
>> bro. Yes. What uh have you have you and
Iman met yet?
Cuz I have,
>> bro, I got to connect for you if if
you're down for it. Have you heard of
Matt Shields?
>> Matt Shields? I feel like I've I feel
like I've heard of it before.
>> So, Iman's new course, it is he there
was like that huge like mansion thing.
They were all at a dinner table. Two of
those guys, Josh Riviera and Matt
Shields. I know both of them. I went to
Miami, went to the agency lab event with
Joel Kaplan and Matt's been on my
podcast. I like hang out with him like I
have his number and he posts a bunch of
content on YouTube. Really starting to
grow his channel. And Josh is like a
really cool guy too. Uh and he he did a
collab with Iman. So, I know I know that
Matt would love to talk to you cuz I'm
sure that he's admired your content for
a while. I could make the connection.
>> Yeah. Yeah, that would be cool. I
definitely want to talk to somebody that
doesn't want to talk to me, though.
Like, unless they know me beforehand,
it's like I don't want to I don't want
to have the conversation.
>> So, I'm I'm curious. Why not just reach
out to these people like Iman or whoever
you want? Do you do that? Like, do you
just DM people because you have such a
big platform?
I mean, I would assume that Iman if he's
seen my face, you know, once and I
assume that he doesn't have like that
much of association with me and I'm not
someone that wants to reach out to
someone, hey man, do you want to
connect? Like it's just like I think
eventually whenever the time comes, if
there's a natural occurrence to where
our paths meet, then it'll be cool. Um,
but if that does not happen, then I
don't like the idea of just being like,
"Hey man, my name is Devin. I do this."
Like, you'll see me sometime and you'll
definitely see me on the page more
often. So, we'll talking to Reek there.
>> Interesting. And and I'm sure that Iman
will eventually see your stuff and at a
certain level he'll reach out. He's I
think that's Yeah, he he reached out to
Matt when Matt got to a certain level,
too. So, that's pretty cool. I I
approach it from a whole different
standpoint. I'm like a lot smaller with
with the audience size than a lot of
people and I'm like, "Hey, you want to
come on the podcast? You want to like
are you at in Miami for an event? Like,
what how can we connect and
collaborate?" Um, it served me pretty
well, but I could easily see like in the
wrong light somebody might take it the
wrong way or it might just not start the
conversation off in a good way.
>> Yeah. And then I think it's just like
the type of person like I don't know if
you can tell I like being in a [__]
dark room like being by myself.
>> Yeah,
>> that's me.
>> Would So you would call yourself like an
introvert or would you say you're more
extroverted?
>> I don't like those labels.
>> Yeah. Okay. Well, like you like being
alone with people or like by yourself
working like what is your ideal
environment?
>> I like being with people that are
like-minded. However,
>> there's might be limiting belief, but I
live in Tennessee, Chattanooga, and I'm
also 20 years old.
>> Yeah.
>> So, for someone within my So, for
someone that would be doing something
similar to me, it's like they're either
35 or they don't live in Tennessee,
Chattanooga. So, it's just right now I'd
rather be alone. But like whenever I do
eventually move, I could see myself
being a more sociable person.
>> What What are some stuff that you wish
that more people asked you about? You
have such a big platform. I'm sure that
there's a part of you that you don't
share and you're like, "Dang, I wish
people would talk about this or ask me
about this or knew knew that this was a
part of me."
>> That was a good question.
Um I really don't come into these having
like a a set thing like a [__] I really
hope you asked me about this. It's just
um
>> this this one always trips people up
because they're like, "Hey, I don't
know."
>> I mean, most people don't really know
anything about me just because, you
know, all my videos are like, "Here's
value. Here's value." And that's pretty
much it.
>> Yeah.
>> I guess fun facts about Devon Ju. I
really enjoy cologne. I have a
collection of like
>> Oh, I told you we're the same person. I
have so much cologne. It's nuts.
>> Have you Do you like Clive Christian?
>> A little bit. Um, but I uh I've never
I've never bought it. I'm not a huge
>> fan. I like like Versace or Creed or I
mean those are like super like
well-known ones.
>> Um
yeah, Aquade Joe like
>> I don't know.
>> Okay, we got to get to the other
designer. We'll go back to Niche. We'll
talk about that off.
>> Um
>> but um yeah, man. I don't really live
that interesting of a life. Like there's
not
not much to give you. Um,
>> where where where would you say your
goals are right now as far as being 20
years old? You've done something that
not I would argue that not a lot of
grown people have done for your age.
Where where do you feel like you still
have room to grow? Where do you really
see yourself getting to in the next 5 10
years? I
>> think the room to grow is everywhere.
Um, where do I see myself in 5 to 10
years? I can't visualize myself in 5 to
10 years. My net goal that would be sick
to hit would be a mill a month.
Um,
>> a mill, bro. Wow.
>> Yeah, that would be that would be cool.
That'll come soon.
>> Yeah.
>> But, um,
>> what what what is what would it take for
you to get there? Is it just more
content, a bigger audience, higher
ticket product, more selling?
>> So, right now, we're working on a
product line. Previously, we only sold
stuff for the agency. Now that we shut
it down, the ticket was 10K a month and
now it's just like we just sold that.
But the issue with the agency with the
content agency in specific is just that
at a certain point if you want to scale
you must reduce quality and that's not
something I was willing to do.
>> So quality why why do you think you
would need to do that?
>> Because the potency is always going to
be within the founder. So if my main
skill if I'm the skill set that drives
the company's um that drives the
company's quality within the actual
service itself because I'm the I would
what I would consider the content guy
within the company. I I just know the
most about content within the company
which then again could also be a
limiting belief but um I have the higher
standard for the company because I have
the most responsibility and the most
upside to it and downside as well. So I
feel like when we start to step away
from it, unless you have really really
good systems.
So that's always a limiting belief.
One of the bigger things that I had an
issue with was the fact of getting other
content creators to come help with the
agency. And if a content creator is
doing if the content creator has
actually done it himself, they are
expensive because they now have leverage
to do whatever the [__] they want. Yeah.
So if a guy has 200,000 followers all
through organic and his videos are
blowing the [__] up, it's like, can you
really offer that guy, hey man, I'll pay
you a set salary whenever it's just
like, [__] that. I can make a product
and make that in two days if I make a
launch.
>> Yeah.
>> So that became bottleneck for us.
>> Wouldn't Wouldn't that be how big
companies are built? You find people
that are more skilled and more crafted
and Yeah. you have to sacrifice capital
that you've made to put them on a salary
and and find something that they're okay
with. and now you have somebody who's
better than you at a skill set running
the company and now you get to step away
like wouldn't you make that trade or
>> yeah I would make that trade 10 times
over you hired a lot of people that were
script writers copywriters that were
very very successful copywriters that
knew exactly how to write scripts and
all that good stuff but um it just never
worked out it was never done to the
quality in which I liked and then as
well was also I hated the idea of having
to wake up and be like [__] 10 people
get to demand my time it's like [__]
Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> So, dude, that that's an interesting
>> belief. When you say it doesn't work
out, is that more of the like I didn't
give it enough time to work out or you
think that they're not good enough or
even if you gave them three years to
like master everything, you just don't
want to waste the time. Like, what do
you mean it didn't work out?
>> I think I think every skill every skill
can be taught.
>> Okay.
>> I think it's just the amount of time
they will input into that person.
>> Sure. I would say for the vehicle
whenever it came to the decision on
which vehicle we're going to create
>> agency would not be the best vehicle to
go down.
>> Yeah.
>> At least for us and what we want wanted
to do and what our goals are to get to a
million month with an agency and profit
>> is hard.
>> That's [__] hard.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And dang. Is that is that
the ultimate reason why you just burned
your agency down because you you knew
the vehicle itself was capped out at a
certain level?
>> Yeah. I mean like we sat down and we
like looked up cuz I was trying to make
the service [__] perfect. Like I was
okay, we have this editor here, we have
a sound design here, a person that does
sound design for the videos here.
>> We have director of media. We have a
copyriter that does the visual hook. So
the first three seconds of the video, we
have a copyriter that's just designated
to only do visual hooks. Like we were
trying to optimize every
>> every every portion of the content
assembly line. And then whenever we got
to it, it's like, okay, so this how much
we charge and this how much we make per
client. So, this is how many clients we
need to make in middle a month.
>> And it was it was like this outrageous
number and we're like, there's no way
that we're
>> if we wanted to, I believe I could have
done it, but it's like there's no way
that I'd want to do that.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I I agree. I think
selling an online product or having a
recurring subscription is insanely more
beneficial in the long term. Um
>> I think I think it's also more
beneficial to the client as well.
>> Yeah. Yeah. They get more attention on a
smaller boutique agency. and you have
thousands of clients and you're like
your goal is a million a month and their
goal is I want to grow a channel. It's
like I can't even talk to you cuz I have
a thousand other people.
>> No, no, no. I think for content
of course you don't want to be in the
you don't want to be in the lowest
ticket. Like the more money you pay of
course within any online product, the
more access that you're going to get,
the quicker you're going to get the
results.
>> But in content, I think it's much more
beneficial to learn how to like learn
the skill of content creation rather
than outsourcing it because there's five
steps to creating a video. You have the
ideation, you have the scripting, you
have the recording, you have the
editing, and then you have the SEO. You
can only outsource three of those five
things. You can only outsource the SEO,
the editing, and then as well as the
ideation. The person that's making the
actual videos themselves, they must
script and record.
>> Yeah.
>> So, it's if they can get better at that
skill rather than trying to lean on
someone else for the responsibility of
the content's performance, I think that
that person will do much much better.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So I I would say even for
like a creator, it would be better if
they went and tried to learn the skill
through a course or whatever or whatever
they might do even by themselves than
paying an agency to rely on the
performance of video.
>> Could you even argue that the agency, if
they were like babysitting the client
that much, then it might be the agency's
fault? Like the agency could be like,
"Hey, listen. You have to do these two
things." Which I already know that you
you would tell your clients like, "I
can't help you at all. These two things.
Go do this. If if you suck, I'm sorry.
We can't help you. like it's done.
That's like I feel like that would just
be a setting expectations thing and then
like if if you don't hear from them for
3 weeks because they're not getting
better at filming, it's like sorry, but
we'll take care of everything else. What
do you think?
>> Yeah,
>> I think definitely. Um, however, I am
big within reputation and if that one
person doesn't do those if that one
person comes in, it's like even if you
set the correct expectation, he's just
gonna have that one [__] client.
>> Yeah.
>> And $10,000 a month.
>> You're right. If someone looks at their
[__] um at their P&L sheet and they
see 10k 10k 10k 10k every single month
it and they're like ah I really don't
want to do these two things. It's just a
rough or it's a rough situation.
>> Yeah. So what's the better play now? Is
just info products and software? What
what is it? Well, I don't foresee
software being very helpful with mata
unless it comes to just the creative
side of like editing and all that kind
of stuff.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, yeah. So, for now, for me, it's just
we have three programs, uh, low ticket,
mid ticket, high ticket,
>> and it's geared towards where you are
within your business. And that's just
the business model that we're going to
stick to and what we found to be working
a lot better than the agency.
>> You you talk about reputation, and I
want to touch on this with especially
selling info products because I have a
lot of experience doing this. This is
how I make money. I teach people how to
get their first client. Like I own the
firstclient.com and I could do this and
run this up to a million dollars a month
easy. The the amount of selling required
is is is minimal. But what I find is and
this could be a product problem, a
mental problem, I don't know what it is,
but I find like the consumption of just
any course or just one-on-one coaching
or done for you coaching, whatever it
is, is minimal. Like 30% across the
board, like 30% of people will consume
and actually use the product, go through
the course, do the calls. was like, I
would have people send me $2,500, turn
around, and just never call me again.
They'll block me. And I'm like, bro, I
just give me like I can refund you your
money back. What What has gone through
your brain as far as making sure that
the product styled to the point where
you you can't really have a bunch of
students saying, "Well, Devon's thing is
crap because I didn't use it and I'm not
successful because I don't put in the
work."
What do you think?
So the first module within the course is
named within every single course there's
three different course materials. First
module is always going to be welcome to
whatever the course is named and then we
go over a very very clear expectation.
Now my favorite one there would be
the reframing of how to look at the
course. So as soon as you join you must
watch this module is unskippable and
you're going to sit down and watch it
and you cannot speed it up. And that
module is basically saying hey there's
two different hills. This is where you
are and this is where you want to be.
Now, what you may have come into this
what you may have come into this course
thinking is that I'm going to I'm going
to give you the bridge that's going to
get you there. However, I'm not going to
give you the bridge. That's not what
this course is. This course is the
nails, the rope, and the planks sitting
on the current hill that you're on. I am
just the resources and the materials for
you to build with. If you choose not to
build, you will not get to this hill.
Now, what I can promise you is that
these are the best [__] tools that
you ever [__] find. You bought the
best [__] thing you can buy. But if
you want to build that bridge, you must
take these tools and build that bridge.
And that's been like a really that was
probably like one of the biggest changes
in like people looking at it like, "Oh,
okay. If I don't do this, this is my
fault."
>> Okay.
>> And then plus all the YouTube videos, I
mean, all the course modules, they are
built in mind of like they're not I see
I buy a lot of courses and they're like
[__] Google Docs and the guys just
talking over the Google doc
>> like video.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's like no [__] No,
no [__] that 20% of the people are going
to watch it. So, all the course material
and all the course modules is always I'm
speaking to camera and we have a lot of
days of editing and a lot of days of
graphic and worksheets and stuff to go
along with it to make it to where
hopefully we can get to the percentage
up. I think right now in the high ticket
is like 66%. Which isn't bad, especially
for the high ticket.
>> What What do you host it on? How do you
how do you track it all? We hosted on so
I'm pretty sure the course modules are
hosted on circle and they are put
through and they are put through
they are embedded through Vimeo and then
the website is hosted on
>> [__] the website is hosted on
WordPress. There we go. I don't know if
you can tell but I'll handle this [__]
but yeah.
>> Oh no you're good dude. No no look
you're at least you know a little bit.
Okay. So, 66% of the high ticket. Do you
do you find that and you don't have to
share this. Do you find I've talked to a
bunch of other people who sell
information that you get a bunch of
chargebacks and refunds even with a
clear expectation. Somebody will watch
the video and be like, "Fuck Devon. I'm
getting my money back." And then they'll
charge back refund or they'll go through
the whole thing and then they'll think
that they're smart and then try to
charge back after they use the whole
thing. Do you do you find that or how do
you mitigate that?
>> So, I've refunded three people within
the lifetime.
That's good.
>> Yeah.
>> One guy, I mean, he had an AX and he
went through the program. He even got
some servicing from us, but you can't
beat a [__] Amex. Like, we had we had
contracts and everything, but if someone
charges back with an AX, you're getting
[__] So, that got refunded.
>> And then the other two were just like,
"Hey, man, like this is cool and all. I
just don't really like you all that
much, so I'd love to get my money back."
>> Yeah. No, I I talked to this guy who ran
a million- dollar a year education
business and they had an like $30,000
per month in refunds and chargebacks,
disputes on Stripe. And it freaked me
out. That was like the ultimate reason
I'm like, I can't sell information
anymore or one-on-one coaching or
courses or anything, but people are
still doing it and they're obviously
successful. So maybe I'm missing a
piece. So, I figured I could ask you and
then maybe you could like if you've only
had three people ever refund you, then
you must be doing something different or
Yeah.
>> Yeah. I mean, I would just say first
impressions are a huge thing. Just make
that first impression really good. Uh I
don't know how. Is it an info product?
>> It's one-on-one coaching. I
>> Oh, one-on-one coaching. Oh, okay. You
should be good,
>> dude. Oneonone coaching. Yeah, you're
straight. Yeah, but then you capped out
as like there's only me, so I can't
handle a thousand people calling me. And
then it's like if I had if I sold the
course, that's obviously the next
progression into it. Um, but then the
consumption goes down. I feel like I
don't know.
>> Just ensuring that everyone whenever
they first swipe their card, they know
exactly what to do and exactly what's
about to happen.
>> If they have full clarity, then I
haven't found many people that haven't
had an issue. However, whenever we first
launched the first product, we made a
lot of mistakes when it came to clarity
and everything is really complicated and
there was definitely some push back from
the community.
>> But that time
>> just make everything very very simple
and every every person I've ever met
>> like people are I don't think people are
as bad as people make other people out
to be. That sounded [__] confusing.
Everyone has done well within my program
and they've been good people to me. So
>> I love it, dude.
>> I I want to be respectful of your time.
We're coming up on the hour. I'm going
to do a rapid fire and then we'll like
we'll end it out.
>> Go for it.
>> Now that you've been successful and
you're 20 years old, what are the things
that you've really enjoyed buying with
money that you previously couldn't? Top
three purchases.
>> Top three purchases. Um, clothes one.
I've always wanted a lot of clone.
Clothes is second. I've always liked to
dress nice. And then third, I would say
would be
this. This isn't necessarily something
that you buy, but it's something that
comes with money. That's everyone's
everyone having a higher value of your
time. So all your family, all your
friends, they all go, "Ah, fuck." Like I
don't want to waste Devon's time. That's
very very nice because they treat you
with a different level of respect. So
that's something I do like.
>> I love that. Along the money thing, what
what have you been able to access that
you previously couldn't access? Like you
just said, value with with your family
and everything. Do you feel like you're
able to go to certain events or be
friends with certain people or travel to
certain areas that you never previously
could?
>> Yeah, I mean like just the nicer things
in life. I mean first class instead of
economy. Uh you can get into events. I
would say a lot of it comes with the
brain though because the events thing is
like yeah people invite me for free to
their events just for them good
publicity but like with money I just
have to pay to go.
>> Yeah.
>> But just all the general things. Yeah.
>> You read books. What are your top three
books for a beginner entrepreneur?
>> Beginner, entrepreneur, any niche.
>> Yeah.
>> I don't want to say the most bland
[__] books that everyone else says,
but
>> make it grow rich. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Like I don't want to say
that [__] but that's what's coming to
mind. I mean, I think Rich Dad Poor Dad
is the the best at changing your
mindsets whenever it comes to well, how
you look at money. I think essential
essentialism is a good book to read just
because whenever you first get started
you want to do everything
>> that's essential.
>> Yeah. And then for the third book
>> um
uh
I think
>> have you ever read the Almanac by Nol
Raicott?
>> No, I have like I have it in my library
but I've never read it. Yeah, I've heard
you talk about leverage and that he
talks about it insane, like an insane
amount in the book, but that's the third
book I always recommend people is the
Albanac. Such a good book.
>> That's my third book then.
>> Yeah. Cool. Um, and then the last
question, I know you said you don't
really have any goals. Do but where do
you like what where do you see yourself
in five years or like where do you like
what is something you you really
desperately want to achieve and what
what's the next like milestone that
you're trying to to get after besides a
million dollars a month? to be proud of
myself.
>> What does it take to get there?
>> What does it take to get there? Um,
>> knowing that you did what you said that
you were going to do on a daily basis.
>> That's a banger answer, dude. I
appreciate you coming on the show.
>> Of course.
>> Where can Where can everyone find you?
>> Uh, where can everybody find me? They
can find me pretty much everywhere just
using Devon Jath. D V I N J A T H O. Uh,
Instagram, YouTube, Tik Tok. Those are
pretty much the only places that I post.
>> Thanks for coming on the show, man.
>> Back in that back in the bag again.
Yeah. Yeah.
Back in that. Yeah.